Update 2024-09-23-changelog.md (#308)
elasticpath/elasticpath-dev: changelog/2024/2024-09-23-changelog.md

---
title: 'Added cart update event for tax operations on the cart, Added order number as a new optional field, Added Sluggable Custom Fields for Commerce Extensions'
date: '2024-09-23'
tags: ['Integrations', 'Carts', 'Orders', 'Commerce Extensions']
hide_blog_post_date: false
---

**MINOR** A `cart.updated` event is now emitted whenever any tax-related operation occurs on the cart, such as adding, updating, deleting, or performing bulk actions on [tax items](/docs/api/carts/tax-items). For more information, see [Observable Events](/docs/api/integrations/integrations-introduction#observable-events).

**MINOR** We have now introduced a new optional field, `order_number`, which serves as an alternative to the existing `order_id`. For Authorize.net transactions, `order_number` will be sent instead of the `order_id`, and will appear as the invoice number. For more information, see [Update an Order](/docs/api/carts/update-an-order).

> **MINOR** We have added the ability to configure string Custom Fields for `use_as_url_slug`, this will allow you to use the value of that Custom Field to access your Custom API Entry in a human readable way. For more information, see [Update Custom API Entries](/guides/How-To/commerce-extensions/create-a-multilocation-inventories-resource#update-custom-api-entries).

Author: ok it's not inherently human readable as a sku for example if marked for use is not really human readable but you _could_ have it so.

maybe we should just restate one of the things said here https://elasticpath.dev/guides/How-To/commerce-extensions/create-a-multilocation-inventories-resource#update-custom-api-entries

thoughts?

Reviewer: Can we say something like this:

While a value like a SKU may not be inherently human-readable, but you can configure more descriptive values if needed.

Author: I ended up pivoting away from human-readable and instead reiterating something said in the linked doc

Reviewer: ok makes sense.

> **MINOR** We have added the ability to configure string Custom Fields for `use_as_url_slug`, this will allow you to use the value of that Custom Field to access your Custom API Entry in a human readable way. For more information, see [Update Custom API Entries](/guides/How-To/commerce-extensions/create-a-multilocation-inventories-resource#update-custom-api-entries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MINOR** We have added the ability to configure string Custom Fields for `use_as_url_slug`, allowing you to use the value of that Custom Field to access your Custom API Entry in a human readable way. For more information, see [Update Custom API Entries](/guides/How-To/commerce-extensions/create-a-multilocation-inventories-resource#update-custom-api-entries).
```
